Enhance checkout docs (#270)
mirumee/saleor-docs: docs/developer/address.mdx

## Validation rules
Using [addressValidationRules](developer/api-reference/queries/address-validation-rules.mdx) query, API clients can fetch validation rules depending on the selected country. Based on the ruleset, some address fields can be hidden (e.g. `countryArea`).
Saleor Core uses [Google i18n address](https://github.com/mirumee/google-i18n-address) under the hood, with a ruleset from [Google Address Data](https://chromium-i18n.appspot.com/ssl-address).

```graphql
query {
  addressValidationRules(countryCode: PL) {
    countryName
    allowedFields
    requiredFields
    countryAreaType
  }
}
```

Response:

```json
{
  "data": {
    "addressValidationRules": {
      "countryName": "POLAND",
      "allowedFields": [
        "city",
        "streetAddress1",
        "postalCode",
        "streetAddress2",
        "companyName",
        "name"
      ],
      "requiredFields": [
        "streetAddress1",
        "city",
        "postalCode"
      ],
      "countryAreaType": "province"
    }
  }
}
```

Depending on country, not all `allowedFields` fields are nessesary. Nevertheless, additional info could be helpfull for postal services.

## Setting up an address using API

> As example of address validation API, we are going to set billing address in the checkout. Operation can be made with [checkoutBillingAddressUpdate](developer/api-reference/mutations/checkout-billing-address-update.mdx):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As example of address validation API, we are going to set the billing address in the checkout. An operation can be made with [checkoutBillingAddressUpdate](developer/api-reference/mutations/checkout-billing-address-update.mdx):
```

```graphql
mutation {
  checkoutBillingAddressUpdate(
    billingAddress: {
      country: PL
      firstName: "John"
      lastName: "Smith"
      streetAddress1: "ul. Tęczowa 7"
      postalCode: "53-030"
      city: "Wroclaw"
    }
    token: "58f4ca17-9c6f-437b-8204-beb47bbee364"
  ) {
    checkout {
      billingAddress {
        firstName
        lastName
        streetAddress1
        city
        postalCode
      }
    }
    errors {
      field
      message
      code
    }
  }
}
```

Successful response: 
```json
{
  "data": {
    "checkoutBillingAddressUpdate": {
      "checkout": {
        "billingAddress": {
          "firstName": "John",
          "lastName": "Smith",
          "streetAddress1": "ul. Tęczowa 7",
          "city": "WROCLAW",
          "postalCode": "53-030"
        }
      },
      "errors": []
    }
  }
}
```

### Errors

> Let's create example of address validation errors. Address bellow lacks few fields and has wrong postal code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's create an example of address validation errors. The address below is missing a few fields and has the wrong postal code:
```

```graphql
mutation {
  checkoutBillingAddressUpdate(billingAddress:{
    country:PL,
    firstName: "John",
    lastName: "Smith",
    postalCode: "Wrong Code"
  }, token: "58f4ca17-9c6f-437b-8204-beb47bbee364"){
    errors {
      field
      message
      code
    }
  }
}
```

Response:

```json
{
  "data": {
    "checkoutBillingAddressUpdate": {
      "errors": [
        {
          "field": "city",
          "message": "This field is required.",
          "code": "REQUIRED"
        },
        {
          "field": "postalCode",
          "message": "This value is not valid for the address.",
          "code": "INVALID"
        },
        {
          "field": "streetAddress1",
          "message": "This field is required.",
          "code": "REQUIRED"
        },
        {
          "field": "streetAddress2",
          "message": "This field is required.",
          "code": "REQUIRED"
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

Each field is validated separately, and each issue has a corresponding error code:

> - `postalCode` with wrong format raised `INVALID` error 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `postalCode` with a wrong format throws the `INVALID` error 
```

> - missing fields mentioned in `requiredFields` raise `REQUIRED` error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- missing fields mentioned in `requiredFields` throws the `REQUIRED` error
```
